Wow. We really have made it to the end of Lesson 1 in no time.
You are doing fantastic.
To recap, in this lesson we learned that,
data pipelines transport data can have multiple inputs
and multiple outputs and can transform or replicate data.
SaaS and IoT are changing data landscape.
Flexible data pipelines bring around data completeness and
data validation can help us address some of our classic data problems.
When it comes to data pipeline competence, we need to think,
from where data is originating,
where data is delivered,
where data is processed and where data should be stored.
Now, that you have learned to create and model
some basic data pipelines along with its component,
it's time to dig a little deeper into various aspects of data infrastructure.
I see you in the next lesson on data consumers.